feat(js): Add docs for new `captureFeedback` method (#10172)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/user-feedback/index.mdx

sidebar_order: 6000
---

> The User Feedback feature allows you to collect user feedback from anywhere inside your application, without requiring an error event to occur. The [Crash-Report Modal](#crash-report-modal) feature still exists to handle user feedback associated with an error event.
> 
> Note that if you are using a self-hosted Sentry instance, you'll need to be on version 24.4.2 or higher in order to use the full functionality of the User Feedback feature. Lower versions may have limited support for feedback functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The User Feedback feature allows you to collect user feedback from anywhere inside your application at any time, without needing an error event to occur first. The [Crash-Report Modal](#crash-report-modal) feature, on the other hand, lets you prompt for user feedback when an error event occurs.

Note that if you're using a self-hosted Sentry instance, you'll need to be on version 24.4.2 or higher in order to use the full functionality of the User Feedback feature. Lower versions may have limited functionality.
```
